France basically seduces travelers with its conflictingly familiar culture, which is woven around café terraces, village-square markets and lace-curtained  bistros with their plat du jour or dish of the day, which is chalked on the board every day. France is a flimflam place, bustling and cosmopolitan on one hand and thoughtful on the other. If you are planning to travel for fine dining, high-adrenaline sports, beaches or other historical masterpieces, then France can be the best destination for your holidays. You should follow the best France travel guide to see its guaranteed beauty and historic importance.


France is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, this is because there are countless reasons why so many people love to visit this diverse country. Other than all these things France is also enjoyed and well-known for its delicious cuisine and wine – the very freshly baked bread, different kinds of liquids, scallops that are cooked in butter. 
What is the best time to visit France?
Usually the best times to visit France are in spring that is in the month of April and May, summer in the month of June and August and fall in the month of September and October. 
Generally, France enjoys mild temperatures, although there are regional variations: there is a Mediterranean climate in the south and wetter weather in the north, near the English Channel. In the month of August, most of the country closes down to chase the sunshine in the south. 
Winter can be said as one of the best suggestions and times to explore Paris, as the crowds are minimized and yet the restaurants are still lively with locals. 
Explore France most visited and famous cities
Rennes, Brittany: The capital and best known for its medieval half-timbered houses and grand Rennes Cathedral. 
Rouen, Normandy: Gorgeous city traversing the River Seine, with the Monet painted Cathedral and cobbled pedestrian center. 
Dijon, Burgundy: This is the historic capital bursting with different vineyards which are of course mustard and other than these there are incredible buildings. 
La Rochelle, Vendee and Charente: It is a trendy coastal city, 17th century arches, cobbled paths and modern Marina. 
Lyon, Rhone-Alpes: Colorful landscapes and rich in history. Other than this Lyon was once the capital of France. 
Marseille, Cote d’Azur: The oldest and Second largest city in France. It is well-known for their fresh fish and edgy vibe with more than 1500 years of history. 
Bergerac, Dordogne: it is a medieval city with concerts, markets and great museums. 
Reims, Champagne: the unofficial capital of Champagne’s growing region, home to famous champagne houses and fantastic gothic cathedral. 
Nantes, Loire Valley: Vibrant and young metropolis often rewarded for its best quality of life. This is also a city where art has been integrated in all possible aspects. 
Fources, Midi-Pyrenees: Listed as one of the most beautiful villages in France. 
The most famous food activities of France
Ordinarily, the French food relies on simple combinations of rich and natural flavors that come together to create unforgettable, internationally-renowned dishes. We have mentioned the best and famous food of France below:
Soupe à l'oignon: This is a traditional French Soup which is made of onions and beef stock, often served with croutons and melted cheese on top. 
Coq au vin: The dish basically sees chicken braised with wine, mushrooms, salty pork and bacon, mushrooms, onions, garlic and sometimes even a drop of brandy. 
Cassoulet: It is a comfort dish of white beans and stewed slowly with meat. 
Boeuf bourguignon: This dish hails from the same region as coq au vin – that’s Burgundy in eastern France – and there are many similarities. 
Chocolate Souffle: The word soufflé from the dish comes from the French verb “to blow” and, the name suggests, this is light and airy dessert. 
To explore all these things in France you need to get your France Schengen visa and decide when to go to France. Then you can explore its beauty and experience the best of the buildings monuments and countries splendid beauty. France is actually one of the best places to visit and even the French cuisines are famous worldwide due to its taste and uniqueness. 	
